SECURITY.md, before:

# Security policy

If you find a security vulnerability, do NOT open an issue. Email
[daniel@bartholomae.name](mailto:daniel@bartholomae.name&subject=Security%20vulnerability%20in%20repo)
instead. This reduces the risk of criminals getting aware and exploiting the
vulnerability before we got a chance to fix it.

In order to determine whether you are dealing with a security issue, ask yourself these two questions:
* Can I access something that's not mine, or something I shouldn't have access to?
* Can I disable something for other people?

If the answer to either of those two questions are "yes", then you're probably dealing with a security issue.
Note that even if you answer "no" to both questions, you may still be dealing with a security issue, so if you're
unsure, just email us at [daniel@bartholomae.name](mailto:daniel@bartholomae.name&subject=Security%20vulnerability%20in%20repo).

If the bug is not security related, please use the corresponding issue template
to submit it on GitHub.

Commit message:

chore: mention GitHub security advisory report feature

SECURITY.md, after:

# Security policy

If you find a security vulnerability, do NOT open an issue. Instead, report the vulnerability on the [security advisories page](https://github.com/dbartholomae/lambda-middleware/security/advisories). This reduces the risk of criminals getting aware and exploiting the
vulnerability before we got a chance to fix it.

In order to determine whether you are dealing with a security issue, ask yourself these two questions:
* Can I access something that's not mine, or something I shouldn't have access to?
* Can I disable something for other people?

If the answer to either of those two questions are "yes", then you're probably dealing with a security issue.
Note that even if you answer "no" to both questions, you may still be dealing with a security issue, so if you're
unsure, please report on the [security advisories page](https://github.com/dbartholomae/lambda-middleware/security/advisories).

If the bug is not security related, please use the corresponding issue template
to submit it on GitHub.
